Improve VisIt Compatibility (#1758)
GEOSX/GEOSX: src/coreComponents/fileIO/doc/Outputs.rst

.. code-block:: xml

  <Problem>
    <Events>
      <!-- Use nested events to trigger both vtk outputs -->
      <PeriodicEvent
        name="outputs"
        timeFrequency="2.0"
        targetExactTimestep="0">
        <PeriodicEvent
          name="outputs_cell"
          target="/Outputs/vtkOutput_cell"/>
        <PeriodicEvent
          name="outputs_surface"
          target="/Outputs/vtkOutput_surface"/>
      </PeriodicEvent>
    </Events>
    
    <Outputs>
      <VTK
        name="vtkOutput_cell"
        outputRegionType="cell"
        plotFileRoot="vtk_cell"/>

      <VTK
        name="vtkOutput_surface"
        outputRegionType="surface"
        plotFileRoot="vtk_surface"/>
    </Outputs>
  </Problem>

In VisIt, the prepared files can be visualized as follows:

1. Click the Open icon (or select File/Open from the top menu).
2. Enter the vtk output folder in the left-hand panel (these will be separate if you use option 2 above).
3. Select the desired *.vtm group in the right-hand panel (by double-clicking or selecting OK).
4. (Repeat for any additional datasets/regions.)
5. In the main window, select the desired dataset from the Active Sources dropdown menu.

> 6. Click on the Add icon, and select a parameter to visualize from the mesh, psuedocolor, or vector plot options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click on the Add icon, and select a parameter to visualize from the mesh, pseudo color, or vector plot options
```

Author: In VisIt, psuedocolor is written as a single word

Reviewer 2: But it's still not spelled `psuedocolor` 😝
